hi this tune is low-carb kitchen and I'm
making thin crust pizza today and I'm
just lining my toaster oven pan with
some parchment paper and spraying it
with nonstick spray here the ingredients
are really simple I'm just going to use
two tablespoons of Parmesan cheese
one tablespoon of almond flour and I use
honey veal almond flour it's a lot
different than almond meal but you could
try almond meal if that's what you have
psyllium husk powder I'm going to use
one heaping teaspoon
that's all there is to the flowers and
then you're just going to steer it up
and then add an egg and I use marsala
cooking wine you can use that or you can
use water or kefir or buttermilk or
anything you want any other liquid you
want actually
okay so Phil mixed up so I'm just going
to pour it out on my pan on the
parchment paper you know this comes out
thicker different times that I make it
because probably I don't measure exact
so if it's thicker and you can't spread
it as easily
what I do is I take a piece of saran
wrap spray it with nonstick spray and
just put it on top of there and just
spread it all around with my hands but
today was a little thinner and I just
was able to spread it pretty easy so
there it is all spread out and I baked
it in my toaster oven on medium and I
have not done this in the oven but if
you want to just bake it until it's
lightly browned on top and then you can
spread your toppings on whatever
toppings you want this is just a jar of
pizza sauce that I use but I have a
really good homemade pizza sauce in my
cookbook of a little carving among
friends I mean - if you want to try that
one and I just did a really simple pizza
of shredded mozzarella
you